Add deploy information to website folder readme (#29133)
hashicorp/terraform: website/README.md

1. Navigate into your local `terraform` top-level directory and run `make website`.
2. Open `http://localhost:4567` in your web browser. While the preview is running, you can edit pages and Middleman will automatically rebuild them.
3. When you're done with the preview, press `ctrl-C` in your terminal to stop the server.

## Deploying Changes

Merge the PR to main. The changes will appear in the next major Terraform release.

If you need your changes to be deployed sooner, cherry-pick them to:
- the current release branch (e.g. `v1.0`) and push. They will be deployed in the next minor version release (once every two weeks).
- the `stable-website` branch and push. They will be included in the next site deploy (see below). Note that the release process resets `stable-website` to match the release tag, removing any additional commits. So, we recommend always cherry-picking to the version branch first and then to `stable-website` when needed.

### Deployment

> The [terraform.io][] site gets deployed by a CI job, currently managed by CircleCI. This job can be run manually by many people within HashiCorp, and also runs automatically whenever a user in the HashiCorp GitHub org merges changes to master in the `terraform-website` repository.

Reviewer: active voice, and fixing link so it renders properly
```suggestion
Currently, HashiCorp uses a CircleCI job to deploy the [terraform.io](terraform.io) site. This job can be run manually by many people within HashiCorp, and also runs automatically whenever a user in the HashiCorp GitHub org merges changes to master in the `terraform-website` repository.
```
